chore: match selected options by both value and label (#19316)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-locator.md

**Usage**

```html
<select multiple>
  <option value="red">Red</div>
  <option value="green">Green</div>
  <option value="blue">Blue</div>
</select>
```

```js
// single selection matching the value or label
element.selectOption('blue');

// single selection matching the label
element.selectOption({ label: 'Blue' });

> // multiple selection for blue, red and second option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// multiple selection for red, green and blue options
```
